---
title: 英语口语日常对话
tags:
- 英语
---

### 1. 痘痘护理
**[A]:** Why do you have a `band-aid`(创可贴) on your face? 
**[B]:** It's not a bind-aid, it's an `acne patch`(痘痘贴). I have a big `pimple`(青春痘) here, and I'm hoping the patch will make it go away faster.
**[A]:** Oh, I haven't had acne problems since high school. In high school, I had really bad acne.
**[B]:** What did you do about it?
**[A]:** I bought `over-the-counter medicine`(非处方药) at the `pharmacy`(药店). When that didn't work, I saw a `dermatologist`(皮肤科医生) regularly and took `prescription drugs`(处方药).
**[B]:** Did it help?
**[A]:** It helped some, but my acne only completely cleared after high school. Then I had to get `laser treatment` to get rid of the `acne scars`(痘疤)?
**[B]:** Thanks for sharing.

### 2. YouTube
**[A]:** What do you like to do in your free time?
**[B]:** I like watching Youtube videos.
**[A]:** Me too. What do you watch?
**[B]:** `Comedies`(喜剧), mostly. My favorite `YouTuber`(油管博主) is Ryan Higa.
**[A]:** Haha! He's funny.
**[B]:** What do you like to watch?
**[A]:** I like to watch `beauty tutorials`(美妆教学) so I can improve my `makeup`(化妆) skills. I alse like to watch gaming channels of `top gamers`(顶级游戏玩家).
**[B]:** Nice! If you find some interesting new channels, let me know.
**[A]:** OK!

### 3. 安排会议
**[A]:** Hi Liv, this is Eva. Could you check Grace's `calendar`(日程表) and see if she's `avaliable`(有空) for a one-hour meeting next Tuesday at 11 am?
**[B]:** Let me check. Grace will be `out of the office`(不在办公室) on Tuesday. How about Wednesday at 9 am?
**[A]:** I wll be on a `business trip`(出差) from Wednesday to Friday next week. Let me see... How about next Monday at 4 pm?
**[B]:** Grace is avaliable on Monday at 4 pm.
**[A]:** OK. Let's do Monday at 4 pm then. I'll send a `metting invite`(会议邀请) to you and Grace via outlook calendar soon.
**[B]:** OK. Bye.

### 4. 报名健身
**[A]:** I'd like to sign up for a `gym membership`(健身房会员). What kinds of plans do you have?
**[B]:** We have one, two and three-year plans. Would you prefer going to `single location`(单一位置，一家店) or `multiple locations`(多个位置)?
**[A]:** I'm only  living in LA(洛杉矶) for one year, so a one-year plan is fine. This location is near my apartment, so single location is good for me.
**[B]:** OK.
**[A]:** What is the `monthly fee`(月费)? And is therr an `initiation fee`(入会费)?
**[B]:** The initiation fee is $99. The monthly fee for one location is $29.
**[A]:** That sounds fine. I'll sign up for one year.
**[B]:** Great! Please fill out these forms.

### 5. 暴风雨
**[A]:** Wow, you're completely `soaked`(湿透的)!
**[B]:** It's terrible out there. I had an umbrella, but it was useless against the heavy rain.
**[A]:** I can see that. Do you have a change of clothes.
**[B]:** No, I don't.
**[A]:** I have some extra clothes in my office. I started keeping shirts and pants in the office after I got soaked in a `rainstorm`(暴风雨) last summer.
**[B]:** What a great idea!
**[A]:** We're about the same size. Let me get you a shirt and pants to change into. 
**[B]:** You're a `lifesaver`(救星). Thanks!
**[A]:** No worries, I'm happy to help. Make sure to check the weather forecast next time.
**[B]:** I will, and I will definitely keep extra clothes in the office.

### 6. 外卖APP
**[A]:** It's raining heavily outside. Let's `order in`(点外卖).
**[B]:** That's a good idea.
**[A]:** But we'll have to wait about 25 minutes to get our food.
**[B]:** That's OK. I can wait.
**[A]:** What do you feel like eating?
**[B]:** How abot Thai food?
**[A]:** Sure, there's a Thai restaurant on my `food delivery app`(外卖app).
**[B]:** That's fine. I'd rather wait than venture out in the rain.
**[A]:** Agree. Hmm... Do you order via food delivery apps often?
**[B]:** I do, I don't cook so when the weather is `lousy`(糟糕的) like today, I usually just order in.
**[A]:** I can understand. Food delivery apps are so convenient on days like this.
**[B]:** Very.

### 7. 超市结账
**[A]:** Hi! How are you?
**[B]:** I'm good, thank you. How's your day going?
**[A]:** It's ok, 2 more hours util I get off my `shift`(轮班). How would you like to pay today? Cash or card?
**[B]:** Credits card. Thanks.
**[A]:** Would you like any bags? 
**[B]:** No, thank you. I brought my own cloth bag.
**[A]:** Can you sign your name on the pad?
**[B]:** Sure.
**[A]:** Here is your receipt. Have a nice day.
**[B]:** Thank you. Have a nice day, too.

### 8. 超市询问方向
**[A]:** Excuse me. Can you tell me where I can find bread?
**[B]:** The `bakery`(烘焙坊) is at the front of the store. Keep walking to the front unit you see the `cashier`(收银员), then turn right. You will see the bakery in front of you.
**[A]:** OK. Can you tell me where I can find the `peanut butter`(花生酱)?
**[B]:** It's at the far end of `aisle`(走道) 9.
**[A]:** Got it. Thanks!
**[B]:** No problem.

### 9. 宠物
**[A]:** Do you have any pets?
**[B]:** No, I don't. What about you?
**[A]:** I have a dog. I rescued him from the `dog shelter`(流浪狗收容所) three years ago. He's five years old.
**[B]:** What `breed`(品种) id he?
**[A]:** He's a `Golden Retriever`(黄金猎犬).
**[B]:** That's nice. I would like a dog but my `landlord`(房东) does not allow pets. It's written in my apartment `lease`(租约).
**[A]:** I'm sorry to hear that.
**[B]:** That's OK. At least I save money by not buying dog food or paying `vet`(兽医) bills.
**[A]:** Maybe you can `dog-sit`(照看狗狗) for me when I'm away this summer.
**[B]:** Sure! I'd be happy to, as long as you're willing to pay.

### 10. 错过班机
**[A]:** It's great to see you, Steve!
**[B]:** Happy to see you, Jack.
**[A]:** How was your flight?
**[B]:** The process was a `nightmare`(噩梦). I'm just happy to be here now.
**[A]:** What happened?
**[B]:** I flew from `Taipei`(台北) to `Tokyo`(东京), and then Tokyo to New York. Due to bad weather in Taipei, the plane was `grounded`(滞留) for an hour. I missed my `connection`(转机) in Tokyo because of the delay. Sky Air(天空航空) only has one flight a day to New York, so I spent an hour at Sky Air's `ticketing counter`(票务柜台) as they tried to put me on another airline's flight.
**[A]:** Sorry to hear that!
**[B]:** Finally, they put me on a Star Airline's flight for New York, but I had to wait for six hours in the airport.
**[A]:** You must be `jet-lagged`(时差). Let's go to the coffee shop `next door`(隔壁) and get you a cup of coffee. 
**[B]:** Sounds good. I sure need it.

### 11. 打包剩余食物
**[A]:** Can I get this to go?
**[B]:** Sure.
**[A]:** Please put the `steak`(牛排) and `salad`(沙拉) in `separate`(单独的) boxes. Could you give me a bag to put the boxes in?
**[B]:** We provide a paper bag for free.
**[A]:** A paper bag would be great.
**[B]:** OK. I'll get this packed right away.
**[A]:** Thank you.

### 12. 打电话订餐厅
**[A]:** I'd like to book a table for this Sunday, June 10, at 7 pm. 
**[B]:** For how many people?
**[A]:** Table for four.
**[B]:** OK. What is your name?
**[A]:** I'm Sam Lee.
**[B]:** Could you give your mobile phone number?
**[A]:** It's 0988-352-110.
**[B]:** OK. Reservation made for four people for Sunday, Jun 10, at 7 pm. We will hold the reservation for 10 minutes.
**[A]:** OK. Thank you. Bye.

### 13. 打电话请病假
**[A]:** Hi Carla, I need to ask for `sick leave`(病假) today. I caught a `nasty`(糟糕的) cold and woke up with a terrible headache this morning.
**[B]:** I understand. Take care of yourself. Go see a doctor and pick up some medicine.
**[A]:** I will. I will try to come in the office this afternoon if I feel better.
**[B]:** Take a sick day. Get well first before coming to the office, or you'll get us all sick. 
**[A]:** OK, thanks. There's something I need help with. I need to do a sale `pitch`(推销) at Smith Technology at 4 pm this afternoon.
**[B]:** Don't worry. I'll have Charlie go in your place. Rest and get well soon.
**[A]:** OK, thank you, Carla. Bye. 
**[B]:** Bye.

### 14. 大学主修
**[A]:** Hi Sam, are you enjoying university?
**[B]:** Yes, `sophomore year`(大二) is much better than `freshman year`(大一). I made a new group of friends and joined several clubs.
**[A]:** That's great to hear. What's your `major`(主修)?
**[B]:** My major is Business Administration, with a `minor`(副修) in French.
**[A]:** That must keep you busy.
**[B]:** Yes, the `workload`(工作量) is heavy, but I enjoy what I'm studying.
**[A]:** That's good. Do you plan to graduate in four years?
**[B]:** I plan to graduate in five years because I hope to do a one-year exchange program in France.
**[A]:** That sounds exciting. All the best.
**[B]:** Thanks.

### 15. 到警局备案
**[A]:** Hello, how can I help you?
**[B]:** My `backpack`(背包) was stolen on the bus just now. My friend and I were riding bus number 13. We got on the bus on the North Railway station. I put my backpack on the empty seat next to me. When I `looked up`(抬头) a few minutes later, the backpack was gone. 
**[A]:** What did you have in the backpack?
**[B]:** My wallet, passport, camera and a light jacket.
**[A]:** Please fill out these forms.
**[B]:** OK. Thank you.

### 16. 登机报到
**[A]:** I would like to `check in`(登机报到), please.
**[B]:** Could you give me your passport?
**[A]:** Sure. Here it is.
**[B]:** Where are you flying to today?
**[A]:** London.
**[B]:** How many pieces of `baggagee`(行李) would you like to check in?
**[A]:** Two pieces.
**[B]:** Please put the baggage on the `scale`(秤). Here is your `boarding pass`(登记证).
**[A]:** Thank you.
**[B]:** The boarding time is 9:30 pm, gate 31. Make sure your baggage passes the `security check`(安检) down there before you leave.
**[A]:** OK. Thank you. 
**[B]:** Have a nick flight.

### 17. 登山踏青
**[A]:** Hey Carol, what are you doing this weekend?
**[B]:** I'm going hiking with my husband and our hiking club.
**[A]:** You have a hiking club?
**[B]:** Yes, we do. We have 30 to 40 people of all ages and `skill levels`(技能水平).
**[A]:** That's great. Do you guys do `day hikes`(当日徒步)  of `multi-day hikes`(多日徒步)? 
**[B]:** Mostly day hikes, but we do five or six multi-day hikes a year.
**[A]:** Do you like around the island or do you go `overseas`(海外) too?
**[B]:** So far, our hikes are around the island. Next year, we will do our first overseas hiking trip by doing a one-week hiking trip to `Nepal`(尼泊尔). 
**[A]:** That sounds fun. I would love to join your hiking club.
**[B]:** Sure, join us! I'll send you our facebook page and you'll see all our upcoming activities there.
**[A]:** OK. Thanks.

### 18. 地震
**[A]:** Did you feel the earthquake last night?
**[B]:** Yes, it was big one. I was sitting on the `couch`(沙发) watching TV and the couch started to shake. What were you doing?
**[A]:** I was taking a shower. I wrapped myself in a `towel`(毛巾) and ran out of the bathroom. 
**[B]:** That must have been scary!
**[A]:** For sure. I checked the news. The government said the earthquake was 4.9 on the `Richter scale`(里氏震级), and its `epicenter`(震中) was off the `coast of Hualien`(花莲海岸).
**[B]:** Wow, that's a big one! I'm glad nobody got hurt and no buildings `collapsed`(倒塌).
**[A]:** Me too.
**[B]:** Oh my! Do you feel that?
**[A]:** This must be an `aftershock`(余震). Stay calm and let's get outside.
**[B]:** Let's go.

### 19. 点冰淇淋
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 
**[A]:** 
**[B]:** 